[8.16] Manual rule run docs (#5631)
elastic/security-docs: docs/reference/alert-schema.asciidoc

Type: string[] 

|N/A | `kibana.alert.intended_timestamp` a| 

> Represents the estimated time when the alert was created by a manual rule run.

Author: ```suggestion
Represents the time when the alert would have been created based on the source event timestamp. This field is only populated for alerts generated by manual rule runs.
```
